Let's talk about one of the
most important conversion tools
there, which I have also mentioned
on several occasions, and is
Retardieting.
Although, by the way, sometimes you hear
the concept of Remarketing, but it
doesn't matter, that is, it's the same.
Remarketing is used
on certain platforms.
The first thing I will do
is explain what this retardation
is about.
In general, what allows us is
to re-impact, and we can
re-impact in different
ways, people who have done,
who have had an interaction
with us.
First we interact and then we
impact it again.
What are the interactions or
what are the criteria?
The main thing is that
you have always visited
our website.
And then it leaves a trace that is
a cookie that allows us to
track that.
But it may be that you have clicked
on an ad on a social network, or on
another platform, or that you
have opened an email, or that you
have seen a video, or that within our
website you have entered in particular
one of the parts of the website.
These are all the criteria.
Well, this person does what it does,
it has that interaction with us
and we do what we do, we will
impact it again.
How will we impact him again?
For example, we can impact you
with an advertisement on display
in a medium.
This is typical.
I am sure you have all lived it.
I today entered the world, by the way,
fix you, what title and history,
and it turns out that I get an
advertisement from InstaPage that
is a tool that we use in The Power
MBA.
It is clearly retargeting.
I at some point entered the
InstaPage page, on the landing
page, a cookie is left in the
browser and they can track that
and they impact me again.
Or, for example, what sometimes
happens is that when you enter
an e-commerce, then you are shown
not only advertising of
that e-commerce, but also
the products related to what you
have sought.
This is an example I have taken
from the internet.
Or where you can also do very
common retargeting on social
media.
I went on Facebook, today I
picked up this screenshot and what
I saw is two ads that are
clearly retargeting.
MicroStrategy, which is a software, and
MentorBox.
In both cases I have visited
the websites.
It is retargeting.
Or, for example, today I
received an email from Amazon
that is in which I suggest books
on business-related topics,
related to searches
I have done previously.
In this case, Amazon does what it
does is use the email as a channel
to re-impact me, but the concept
is the same.
An action with a company, a
website or whatever, and what
they do is to impact you again.
We all have experienced this, so
it is very easy to understand the
concept.
What I want now is to analyze
why retargeting is a tool
that we always recommend
to all companies that use digital
channels that value it and
put it into practice.
I would say that the reason is mostly
the following.
The reason is that retargeting allows
us to accompany the customer throughout
the entire funnel, to accompany
him in decision-making.
What do I mean with this?
Well, you can re-impact people
who have clicked on an ad What
you want is that they are
lead, but they are not.
But they have clicked on the ad, which
shows that they have some interest
or have visited your landing page.
What we do is impact
them.
It's like we're doing an ultra-segmented
campaign on people who have
interest.
Or for example, we want to impact
the leads that haven't bought
us again, down the funnel.
Because we use retargeting, it's another
ultra-segmented campaign.
All this allows us to increase
the ROI of all our actions
or campaigns, because we
are accompanying
the customer.
That's why I told you when we analyzed
the channels or outbound capture
platforms, what I told you is
that one of the 10 criteria
is this, it's the fact of being
able to do retargeting.
Because you, and I put you to the extreme,
if you make an advertisement on television,
you impact it, it may be that you generate traffic,
you generate awareness, you generate
brand, but it does not allow you to
go along with it.
The TV doesn't allow you to keep
going with that client.
And there are other platforms that do.
So, to finish, how is this
being done?
How do we do retargeting campaigns?
Well, we do it the same way we
do when dealing with campaigns
on the platforms we use for outbound
marketing.
Likewise, on the same platforms
you can basically do it on, you
can do it almost all, you
can do it on Facebook, you
can do it on Google, you can
do it on LinkedIn, etc.
You're really hiring campaigns,
launching campaigns, but that
in segmentation what you
do is a retargeting segmentation.
You are impacting people again,
having defined that criterion
that we said before.
The criterion that it is, the one
you prefer, the one you consider
to be representative of having
a certain interest and the people
you want to impact again.
I will give you examples.
For example, we do remarketing
campaigns with videos to people
who have visited a certain
part of our website.
Then, when they enter YouTube,
they get videos with testimonials
from our students.
We use the video in this case.
We do the same on Facebook, for
example.
We do various types of Facebook
campaigns with the concept of
retargeting.
People who have visited us or are
already a lead.
And, in addition, we define concrete
messages for each of those stages,
because the lead or visit at each
moment, the time of maturing
you have is different.
There are people who know you more and there
are people who know you less.
So, in campaigns you have
to not just define
videos, texts, etc.